[14.0][ADD] product_supplierinfo_stock_picking_type: New addon. (#1142)
OCA/product-attribute: product_supplierinfo_stock_picking_type/readme/USAGE.rst

> #. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Operation types* and create some record called 'Incoming A' and Type of Operation='Receipt'.
> #. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Operation types* and create some record called 'Incoming B' and Type of Operation='Receipt'.
> #. Go to *Inventory > Products > Product* and create some product called 'Test product' and set Purchase tab as follows:
> #. [Vendor line 1] Vendor: Azure Interior, Picking type: Incoming A, Price: 5.
> #. [Vendor line 2] Vendor: Azure Interior, Picking type: Incoming B, Price: 10.
> 
> Purchase order flow A:
> #. Go to *Purchase > Orders > Requests for Quotation* and create new order as follows:
> #. Vendor: Azure Interior, Deliver To: Incoming A ('Other information' tab), Product: Test product
> #. The unit price of the product will be 5.
> 
> Purchase order flow B:
> #. Go to *Purchase > Orders > Requests for Quotation* and create new order as follows:
> #. Vendor: Azure Interior, Deliver To: Incoming B ('Other information' tab), Product: Test product
> #. The unit price of the product will be 10.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#. Go to *Inventory > Configuration > Operations types* and create two records
   named 'Incoming A' and 'Incoming B' with 'Type of Operation' equal to
   'Receipt'.
#. Go to *Inventory > Products > Products*, then create a product named
   'Test product' and set 'Purchase' tab as follows:
#. [Vendor line 1] Vendor: Azure Interior, Picking type: Incoming A, Price: 5.
#. [Vendor line 2] Vendor: Azure Interior, Picking type: Incoming B, Price: 10.
#. Then click on 'Save'.

Next steps:

Purchase order flow A:
#. Go to *Purchase > Orders > Requests for Quotation* and create a new order
   as follows:
#. Vendor: Azure Interior; Product: Test product; Deliver To: Incoming A
   (under 'Other information' tab)
#. The unit price of the product will be 5.

Purchase order flow B:
#. Go to *Purchase > Orders > Requests for Quotation* and create a new order
   as follows:
#. Vendor: Azure Interior; Product: Test product; Deliver To: Incoming B
   (under 'Other information' tab)
#. The unit price of the product will be 10.
```

Reviewer: Replacing this whole text will probably be easier.
